9/3/19
First day of live project: What did I learn?

-I learned how to navigate through the Azure DevOps platform. I've never used it before.
-Learned a litte more about how to navigate Git and how to checkout stories to work on.
-What is required of me being on a team of other developers and how to communicate effectively and what the golden rules are.

9/4/19
Second standup with team members and Deanna
What did i accomplish yesterday? Did first assignment of signing name
What will i accomplish today? getting started on first story and getting it up and running
Roadblocks? getting story up and running...

9/5/19
Third standup
What did I accomplish yesterday? I gained a better understanding of what I need to do to complete my story. Got more familiar with the project and the code.
What will I accomplish today? I'm going to get some photos together and learn what I need to do in order to make them available on the site. I also want to start the bonus section that includes adding an option for users to add their own photo as the background.
Roadblocks? Not being familiar with the project.

9/6/19
4th Stand up (Friday - Code Retrospective)
Accomplish? Got my photos to show up; they weren't at first.
Accomplish today? I want to figure out how to get users to upload their own photos
Roadblocks? Not being familiar with the process of doing that. So far I have no errors but when I click the upload button nothing happens; I think I know what piece I'm missing it's just finding out where to put it is the problem.

What was helpful? - all the tutorials that were sent to me were very helpful and the quick responses from instructors and team members.
What was detrimental? -really nothing so far for me. things seem to be very positive right now.

9/9/19
5th Stand up
What did I accomplish yesterday? 
I attempted to finish the bonus section of my story; allowing users to upload their own image for the background. I decided not to complete that portion since I did not want to spend too much time on it. I learned a lot from researching about the topic though.
Accomplish today?
I have a new story that I have begun. I will create a new app that we will use to scrape data from wikipedia using beautifulsoup. It will display information about the world that will be relevant to travelers.
Roadblocks? Not being familiar enough with python and django to complete the bonus part of my first story

9/10/19
6th Stand up
What did I accomplish yesterday?
I started creating a new app called World App and created my html pages. I also researched and did a tutorial for web scraping.
Accomplish today?
I linked my html pages so that when you click on the world app in the side panel it navigates to the world page. I also web scraped the wikipedia page for the information that I need so now I need to figure out how to display that data in a table and put it in the app.
Roadblocks?
Not being familiar with web scraping.

9/11/19
7th Stand up
What did I accomplish yesterday?
I web scraped the wikipedia page for the required information for my app.
Accomplish today?
I figured out how to display the information in a table in the terminal. Now I just need to display it to the html page.
Roadblocks?
Not knowing how to display the data.

9/12/19
8th Stand up
What did I accomplish yesterday?
I tried to figure out how to get my information into a csv file.
Accomplish today? 
Same thing, I want to get my table into a csv file then display it to the web site.
Roadblocks?
Not being familiar with getting scraped data into a csv file. I talked to Brenton about it this morning and he pointed me in the right direction so we'll see if I can figure it out.

9/13/19
9th Stand up (Friday: code retrospective)
What did I accomplish yesterday?
I got my data into a csv file and I added a button to the site to load the data onto the page.
Accomplish today?
My data isn't showing up on the site so today I'll try and figure out how to make it display.
Roadblocks?
Not knowing how to get my data to display to the page.

--I like all the tutorials you guys find and send. They're super helpful.
--Prompt responses to questions.